Today is a beautiful day because we're gonna bake loads of cookies
All of these are easy One Bowl recipes and the cookies that result are soft and chewy
Just the way I like them as always you can find the link to the blog post in the description box below for the full
Breakdown of the recipes and no more introduction needed. I'm sure you're ready to dive in as am I so let's get started
We'll start by making these peanut butter and chocolate oatmeal cookies
Which take only 15 minutes to make from start to finish and use just seven ingredients with no added sugar oil or flour
For those who use metric measurements like grams and milliliters, please note. I always include this in my blog post
So check the links in the description box below
Now this recipe calls for quick oats, but if like me you only have regular oats
You can always make your own by throwing them into a food processor and blend until coarsely chopped now
You're just gonna want to add the bananas to a large bowl and mash until you achieve a rather fluid consistency
Then you add the vanilla extract and peanut butter and mix it all together at this point
You can add the cranberries roasted coconut flakes chocolate and oats
Stirring until it's all well combined. The mixture should create about 12 cookies
So you'll first roll it into a ball and then press it down to create a cookie shape
Place it on a cookie tray lined with baking paper and you don't need to leave so much room between the cookies because they won't
Spread bake it in the oven at 350 Fahrenheit or 180
Celsius for about 10 to 12 minutes or until the tops turn golden
Remove it from the oven and allow it to cool for a couple of minutes before you transfer it to a cooling rack to cool
completely in my opinion
These cookies can hardly be called dessert in the conventional sense and that they're just too
Wholesome and make for a wonderful snack that anyone will enjoy kids or adults alike
This is just to show you how soft and chewy the cookies are and they taste so good
You won't even believe that they're so healthy, too
All right moving on to cookie recipe number two blueberry almond breakfast cookies as a recipe name suggests
These cookies can make for a quick grab and go breakfast
If you really can't find a time for a sit-down meal
But I personally use it more as a snack or dessert like the previous recipe
These cookies are made with no added sugar oil or flour and feature some super wholesome ingredients
including antioxidant rich blueberries fiber and omega-3
Powerhouses like flax and chia seeds as well as apple sauce and a banana which not only add natural sweetness
But also functions similarly to oil in baked treats, but of course, these fruits are much more nutritious than oil now
We're going to create our own almond meal by grinding up the almonds in a food processor until
It makes a coarse flour
Then we're gonna chop some dairy free dark chocolate
And if you're not a fan of chocolate
You can always substitute it out in any of these recipes for nuts seeds or dried fruits of your choosing
We'll start again with a banana mashing it completely before we add the applesauce almond butter and vanilla extract then stir to combine
Then you can add the almond meal ground flax seeds and chia seeds stirring before you then add the baking soda cinnamon and salt
Then you'll add the oats and pumpkin seeds stirring. Once again before you add the chocolate and blueberries at the very end
You're gonna want to fold these in gently so that the blueberries don't bleed so much into the dough
Much like before we're gonna roll this dough into a bowl and then press it into a cookie shape
This should make about 10 cookies in total
Always reserved a few chunks of chocolate to place on top as well for presentation before you bake it in the oven at 350
Fahrenheit or 180 Celsius for about 15 minutes or until it's lightly golden then allow it to cool for a couple minutes
Before you again transfer it to a cooling rack. These cookies are so delicious
It's really just a bonus that they're loaded with grains seeds nuts and fruit
I
Especially like to enjoy it with some homemade chai tea and fresh fruit when my sweet tooth strikes and I can say with all honesty
I now prefer these to the super sweet conventional store-bought cookies
I used to eat before I used to eat them because they were
convenient but these cookies can be too and we now usually make a big batch and then
Individually wrap them and freeze them to enjoy as on-demand desserts or grab-and-go snacks
We're gonna move on to our final recipe now classic chocolate chip cookies
Now the previous two recipes were super wholesome
But I'm not averse to having some more indulgent treats sometimes too and this recipe makes for a wonderful housewarming or potluck
Contribution if you choose I once took it to Robyn's family's gathering and no one noticed they were vegan
No
Hidden or strange ingredients in this recipe and here's a little tip
You'll want to use refined coconut oil instead of unrefined oil to avoid any pronounced coconut flavor in the cookies
The coconut oil really just functions similarly to butter and normal cookie recipes
Another tip is to reserve some of the chocolate bits for presentation on top of the cookies at the end
You'll notice I did this with every recipe in this video now to a large bowl
You'll want to cream together some solid coconut oil and brown sugar
If the coconut oil is liquid just place it in the fridge for a bit to harden first
one screamed at the maple syrup plant milk vanilla extract
Baking soda salt and baking powder and mix it again until well combined
The mixture is going to look clumpy and that's okay
Now if the temperature is warm where you are
You might want to consider chilling this mixture in the fridge for 30 minutes to firm up
Otherwise the cookies flatten and spread a little bit too much when it's baking in the oven
But if the temperature is cool in your working space
you can just omit this step then mix it together one more time before you add the flour and stir until it's just
Combined but be careful not to over mix then you can add the chocolate chunks and gently fold it in
Now we're gonna form little balls out of the dough and evenly distribute them about five
Centimeters or two inches apart because the cookies will certainly spread when it's baking
Top it with the reserved chocolate chunks before you bake it in the oven at 350 Fahrenheit or 180
Celsius for 12 to 15 minutes or until it's lightly golden the recipe is gonna make about 18 to 20 cookies altogether
Enjoy it with coffee tea a chai or simply on its own
Sometimes a good old classic will hit the spot and it's always rewarding to know you made it yourself from plant-based ingredients
I'll again show you how the cookie comes apart when it's been cooled. The texture is soft and the flavor is oh so indulgent
Now I'm curious to know what's your favorite kind of cookie share it with me in the comment section just down below